README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Aryan Patel</h1>
<h3 align="center">💻 C++ | DSA | Web Developer | Open Source Learner</h3>


---

## 🚀 About Me
- 🎓 Computer Science Student  
- 💡 Passionate about C++, DSA & Web Development  
- 🔥 Learning GitHub, Open Source & Projects  
- 🎯 Goal: Software Engineer  

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=aryan01109&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
</p>

---

## 🧠 Top Languages
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aryan01109&layout=compact&theme=dark"/>
</p>

---

## 🚀 Contribution Activity
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=aryan01109&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&color=00F7FF&line=00F7FF&point=FFFFFF" />
</p>




---


## 👨‍💻 Tech Stack
<p align="center">
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp,html,css,js,git,github,python,nodejs,mongodb,vscode"/>
</p>

---

## 👀 Profile Visitors
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aryan01109&label=PROFILE+VIEWS&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

Commit message:

Enhance README with personal details and skills
Expanded personal introduction and skills section in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Aryan Patel</h1>
<h3 align="center">💻 C++ | DSA | Web Developer | Open Source Learner</h3>


---

## 🚀 About Me
- 🎓 Computer Science Student  
- 💡 Passionate about C++, DSA & Web Development  
- 🔥 Learning GitHub, Open Source & Projects  
- 🎯 Goal: Software Engineer  

<p>

I am a motivated and passionate Computer Science student with a strong interest in software development, problem-solving, and building real-world applications. My core strengths lie in C++, Data Structures & Algorithms, and Web Development, and I enjoy turning complex problems into simple, efficient solutions.

I actively work on coding projects, practice competitive programming, and explore modern web technologies to strengthen my technical foundation. I believe in writing clean, optimized, and scalable code while continuously learning and adapting to new technologies.

My goal is to grow into a skilled Software Engineer who contributes to impactful products, innovative teams, and meaningful technology solutions.

📌 Skills:
C++, Data Structures & Algorithms, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git & GitHub, Web Development

📌 Interests:
Software Engineering, Problem Solving, Open Source, AI & Technology

📌 Looking for:
Internships, entry-level roles, collaborative projects, and learning opportunities.</p>
---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=aryan01109&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
</p>

---

## 🧠 Top Languages
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=aryan01109&layout=compact&theme=dark"/>
</p>

---

## 🚀 Contribution Activity
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=aryan01109&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&color=00F7FF&line=00F7FF&point=FFFFFF" />
</p>




---


## 👨‍💻 Tech Stack
<p align="center">
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp,html,css,js,git,github,python,nodejs,mongodb,vscode"/>
</p>

---

## 👀 Profile Visitors
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=aryan01109&label=PROFILE+VIEWS&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge" />
</p>
